docs: update MCP server documentation for 20.2 (#63141)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/ai/mcp-server-setup.md

ng mcp
```

> When run from an interactive terminal, this command will display instructions on how to configure a host environment to use the MCP server. The following sections provide example configurations for several popular editors and tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When run from an interactive terminal, this command displays instructions on how to configure a host environment to use the MCP server. The following sections provide example configurations for several popular editors and tools.
```

}
```

## Command Options

The `mcp` command can be configured with the following options passed as arguments in your IDE's MCP configuration:

- `--read-only`: (boolean, default: `false`) Only register tools that do not make changes to the project. Your editor or coding agent may still perform edits.

> - `--local-only`: (boolean, default: `false`) Only register tools that do not require an internet connection. Your editor or coding agent may still send data over the network.

Reviewer: Looking at this the second time, I realize would probably be better as a table (flag | type | default | description)
